plugin_template/readme.md, before:

OSGC Plugin Project Template
----------------------------

This folder contains the template files required to create an OSGC plugin. The source is licensed under the zlib license, however any further source files added to your own derived project may be licensed however you see fit - although open source is strongly encouraged!!

/*********************************************************************  
(c) Matt Marchant 2019  
http://trederia.blogspot.com  

osgc - Open Source Game Collection - Zlib license.  

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or  
implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held  
liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.  

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,  
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute  
it freely, subject to the following restrictions:  

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented;  
you must not claim that you wrote the original software.  
If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment  
in the product documentation would be appreciated but  
is not required.  

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such,  
and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.  

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any  
source distribution.  
*********************************************************************/

Commit message:

add Visual Studio plugin project template to template directory

plugin_template/readme.md, after:

OSGC Plugin Project Template
----------------------------

This folder contains the template files required to create an OSGC plugin. `osgc_plugin_template.zip` contains a Visual Studio project which can be imported to visual studio to add OSGC plugin templates to the 'create new' menu when adding a project to a solution. The source is licensed under the zlib license, however any further source files added to your own derived project may be licensed however you see fit - although open source is strongly encouraged!!

/*********************************************************************  
(c) Matt Marchant 2019  
http://trederia.blogspot.com  

osgc - Open Source Game Collection - Zlib license.  

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or  
implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held  
liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.  

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,  
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute  
it freely, subject to the following restrictions:  

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented;  
you must not claim that you wrote the original software.  
If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment  
in the product documentation would be appreciated but  
is not required.  

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such,  
and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.  

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any  
source distribution.  
*********************************************************************/
