space_racers/readme.md, before:

Space Racers!
-------------

In 2013 one of my earliest gamedev projects was a racing game named Space Racers. You can see a video of it in action [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5b1EPsE7x0). The project eventually got abandoned, partly because the younger me coded himself into a knot, but also because I discovered that, not only is networking a game *very difficult*, it is almost impossible to bolt on to a game afterwards, particularly when it wasn't specifically designed with networking in mind. Nevertheless the bright colours apparently appeal to a lot of people, judging by the views and the comments on the above linked YouTube video. This repository aims to recreate the orignal Space Racers experience using xygine as a development platform and is built around network gameplay from the outset. That's not to say this version is any good, or even complete (there's every chance I'll have abandoned it again by the time someone reads this) but the source is open and public in the hopes that someone may eventually find a use for it.

Commit message:

update all race modes with skid effects

space_racers/readme.md, after:

Space Racers!
-------------

###### In space no one can hear you skid.

In 2013 one of my earliest gamedev projects was a racing game named Space Racers. You can see a video of it in action [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5b1EPsE7x0). The project eventually got abandoned, partly because the younger me coded himself into a knot, but also because I discovered that, not only is networking a game *very difficult*, it is almost impossible to bolt on to a game afterwards, particularly when it wasn't specifically designed with networking in mind. Nevertheless the bright colours apparently appeal to a lot of people, judging by the views and the comments on the above linked YouTube video. This repository aims to recreate the orignal Space Racers experience using xygine as a development platform and is built around network gameplay from the outset. That's not to say this version is any good, or even complete (there's every chance I'll have abandoned it again by the time someone reads this) but the source is open and public in the hopes that someone may eventually find a use for it.
